# D.U.S.T.
**Dynamic user support** is a concept where errors are tracked internally by a system and the system can react based on such errors to alert the user of the app, notify the app administrator or take action by itself and fix the problem associated with the error. D.U.S.T. uses intelligent programs to make the experience of using software more enjoyable.

# Need for D.U.S.T.
- As software evolves over its lifecycle, there's always that constant need to improve on how the software operates. This may or may not be the case of every software but the need to change and improve the features, look and feel or overall ability of the software is what keeps it at a competitive stage. This is only possible when there are other factors which could directly or indirectly affect this operation. For the most part, user experience is always a core requirement for the sustainability of any software. To ensure that the software is well supported, software developers attempt to make UI navigation and features to be mostly automated and proactive. However, this doesn't solve the case and such software then becomes overly complicated to operate. With D.U.S.T., the software remains the same way as designed, the difference now is that the software becomes reactive to how the user operates with the software and D.U.S.T. recommends or warns the user of things to do and not to do. D.U.S.T. also gives the software developer a heads-up on things that might be breaking within the app, as D.U.S.T. is constantly running, it helps pinpoint where errors are happening and alerts the development team on how such error occurs and which user its affecting.

# Philosophy
